# Personal Website

Source code for [https://danvolchek.com](https://danvolchek.com).

Holds details about me and my projects.

It's a static website that's generated by a simple custom static site generator.

## Static site generation

Generation happens in two stages:

1. Load data to be displayed on the website
2. Generate HTML from the data

The process centers around "content fillers", or components that know how to retrieve data and then display it.
There's one for every logical unit of replacement:
- Projects
- Stardew Valley mods
- Pico-8 carts

Each content filler follows similar steps:

1. Load data from YAML files
1. Augment data as necessary
    - The projects filler parses project descriptions from markdown
    - The Stardew Valley filler downloads current mod usage statistics
    - The Pico-8 filler retrieves carts compiled to HTML so they can be played
1. Transform the data into HTML
1. Provide new HTML nodes to the HTML replacer

The HTML replacer handles inserting the generated HTML in the right places in the document. It's based on the idea of
replacing placeholder elements with real content.

The replacer follows these steps:

1. Loads a base HTML file to start from
1. Using "content ids" from the fillers, searches for corresponding `data-content="id"` tags on placeholder elements in the HTML
1. When found, replaces the content of the placeholder elements with the output from the fillers, and removes the tag
1. Writes a new HTML file after all placeholder elements have been replaced


Generated HTML from the fillers can itself hold placeholder elements. This allows for the projects filler to contain layout
for all projects, including where the stardew filler should place it's generated mods list. Nifty!

The update script should be run with a working directory of the root of the repo.
